>> Marcy Sutton: A real brief
mention of Continuous Integration.
So we've got these automated tests, right?
And people ask me,
how do deal with accessibility in CI?
It just like any other software test.
So once I've got these
assertions in there,
if somebody breaks the implementation and
then the tests start failing.
That will show up in CI,
like if you're running your test suite,
that should fail to build.
And I have a whole talk just
on this it's on my github.
It's a11y-and-ci so
that you can go find that repo and
it's got a link to view it.
But yeah, that's an interesting way
to bake that into your project.
And where this really gets exciting is
if you could Track who broke the build.
And this image was from a Tweet someone
wrote me about a monitor they had up in
their office where whoever broke
the build they could shame them.
And the Angular team actually had this
in their office in Mountain View.
And I broke the build one time,
like I broke Angular.
And I was in the office to see it,
and it was pretty life changing.
So you could do that, maybe you automate
some kind of like Internet of Things.
Like Nerf Gun to like
fire foam at somebody or
light up a big red light over their
desk or something embarrassing.
That you could automate like if
you had a hack day or something,
you could do something really cool
to track who broke the build.
So if anyone ends up doing that please
Tweet at me because I would love to know.
As you can gamify it especially
if it's accessibility related.
It'd be pretty cool.
But Spoiler: we need to do more than that.
Automation can only, and linting can only
get us so far, and human testing and
manual testing.
I mean,
we're the humans doing the manual testing.
That's super important too.
And so
to send you off with some advice for that,
there's a really great article
on Smashing Magazine from
Eric Bailey on the importance
of Manual accessibility testing.
He's got a great attitude about
being kind of pragmatic about what
automation's good for, what Manual testing
is, like what's important to cover.
I'd recommend following Eric Bailey,
he's got a lot of really great writing
about accessibility and is just
a really interesting person to follow.